yeah i knew ah this sermon was time was going to be very short so if you look at your sermon outline.
uh it's just
kind of a church update past, present, and future and it's based on um
A passage from Philippians chapter 1 says,
Hey, do you want to come up and read that for us real quick? Thanks.
And today's special event is called...
Chapter 1, verses 1 through
First and foremost
I'm going to
In all my prayers for all of you,
I always turn to joy. Because of the partnership with the gospel from the first day until now.
You can't know this.
That he moved again and could work with you and carry on to completion.
It's a day of hardship.
Thank you, Hank.
Okay very quickly um
i just wanted to ah.
express my gratitude for being a part of this church family and ministry the last eight and a half years time does fly i mean some of you know folks when i mentioned that
I said, wow, has it been eight years already? Yeah, it's been eight and a half years. And so past, present, and future as far as what God is doing here in our midst based on
3, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 2
in Philippi. And even though he was such a great missionary, a great Christian, he knew he couldn't do it.
certainly by himself
and it was a partnership.
ah and then the original language the word partnership has the idea of koinonia it is fellowship it is serving together it is the fact that we are joined together.
Yeah, they're through our common faith in Jesus Christ. Right.
now if you look at the outline there are no blanks to fill in because again i knew i was going to have to cover this kind of quickly but the
church vision mission statement that you see in the banner that hopefully all of us know by now is to better experience and share god's love
and a number of years ago when the consistory members the church leaders and myself prayed about what would be sort of a capsule summary of our church family
Family, not only what we hoped to do in the future, but what we believe we could affirm that God was already doing as a church family and ministry. This is what.
This is what we came up with, to better experience and share God's love. And I really believe that's what God has been doing far longer than when I showed up. I showed up in 2011.
I showed up in January of 2009. And when I got here, my first year, I could definitely sense that God was using so many of you.
to help live out the the truth and the meaning of this church vision statement to better experience and share god's love in so many different ways in the last
In the last eight and a half years I've been here, we've had the opportunity and the blessing of serving together to see how God would continue to help us to better experience and share God's love.
And that's why we can have total confidence that in the years ahead, regardless of who's the pastor of this church, who God will bring in as my successor, we'll
in another year or two. And by the way, as I mentioned before, if you want to hear more details about the timing and the plan for the search for the new pastor, please attend.
hand the congregational meeting after church today, after our refreshment fellowship time. That'll be in my report, the pastor's report. Again, that's open to everyone. You don't have to be a member.
Be a member to attend that meeting. We certainly hope you can attend that meeting and be a part of what God is doing here. Thank you.
ah so that's basically my message is that god has been doing this wonderful work he began at work.
through our faith in jesus christ as a church family since the beginning of this church existed over 90 years ago he began that good work he will continue
Continue it to the end when Jesus comes back. Amen.
and so i've had the privilege of being a part of that ministry with you these last eight and a half years but it certainly doesn't start or end with my time here.
Here, it's been my privilege to be a partner with you. And so that's what my message is today. It's from Philippians chapter 1. Like the Apostle Paul, I thank
I thank God for every remembrance of you. And I'm thankful for the partnership that we have in serving our Lord together. Amen.
Okay, so let's go ahead and close in prayer.
let's pray together
Our Father God, thanks again for this day of worship and fellowship. thank you especially for highlighting our Sunday school ministry and children's church ministry.
ah for all the students, for all the young people, for all the teachers and helpers, for all who help make that ministry such a blessing for so many.
Thank you for caring her leadership and thank you father for the good work that you have begun in us individually as we came to personal faith
So faith in Jesus Christ, to believe and trust that Jesus is your son, that he died for our sin, that he rose from the dead. And collectively, as a church family, you've been doing
You've been doing such amazing work in and through this church for so many years in helping people to better experience and share your love. And so, Father, we thank you for
We thank you for the partnership. We thank you that we can trust you in the years ahead to continue to bless and work through this church family to experience and to share
To share your love.
And father we give you all the praise and thanks in Jesus Name
Amen.